chore: align README for non-prefixed packages (#2994)
vaadin/web-components: packages/login/README.md

# @vaadin/login

> A web component for creating a login form with two input fields and two buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web component for displaying a configurable login form, either inline, or as an overlay.
```
Might want to remove `configurable` from the suggestion

Author: Thanks. I will omit `configurable` until we have custom content support.

Author: Done.
